hello friends Chris here cooking with
Krista they were on the road there were
a to black sheep here in Hamilton
Ontario guys we're gonna be doing
something with oysters let's go inside
and check it so we've got a couple shop
boy stur is already and we've got soo
with us the master shower here at two
black sheep dice we're gonna get sooo
two Shores the technique behind shucking
an oyster chicken give me the waster
tutorial here we go sirs have a flat
side and we outside so you want the flat
side up ok let me dish there's a spot
called an image that you can get your
knife into mm-hmm and we're now using a
sharp knife are we know a shocking knife
does not need to be sharp it just needs
to be very strong it's very strong oh I
can see the thickness of the blade
difference so then what are you doing at
this point here just moving details come
off you separate the muscle and then you
use the muscle off the bottom make sure
there's not a little bit mm-hmm and you
want to keep all that nice juice in
there she's ready that's okay super
we're gonna do one more guy so here we
go I guess if you're doing this at home
for the first time you stop it put like
a towel over it handle something we're
dealing with a professional here at
legion r1 use a screwdriver and you do
not want to use a screwdriver i can tell
you i use a screwdriver before and i
probably still have the scar in my my
hand as proof
well you get a little bit of shot he
just cut it out and we're all ready to
go so we got some lemons or I can see
some lemons maybe you can tell us what
else we've got here car lennon's we've
got a cucumber in charlotte mignonette
and cocktail sauce this is a lovely
local hot sauce made in hamilton ok now
the cocktail sauce that is made right
here at two black sheer variety bashing
and it's your creation it is Maxwell
haha grandma's recipe so guys we're
gonna dive in now we're gonna try a
couple of these oysters then I'm gonna
do a little Caribbean something with
them so guys we're gonna go in now and
see how these are actually prepared with
all these special sauces and stuff like
that we got here my favorite way the
universe is just plain actually before
you do you were telling us something
about a variety of oysters we have here
there are three different oysters here
and he regret these are sugar crews from
Washington these are French kiss from
New Brunswick and needs to hear america
mesh from Nova Scotia look it up guys
right here in Hamilton we have always
stirs coming in from different regions
of North America boy oh boy it is
amazing so now we can tell us basically
what we're going to be doing here now
well it for people who are new to
history's I always recommend
lemon to cut through the braininess of
the wizards
today and this has become very popular
it's a cucumber and child minion a
people tend to eat the whole drawer
dryer after they've tried a little bit
on an oyster this is so reminiscent of
what we call oyster cocktail down in the
southern Perez and it's not even funny I
was going through well pretty much
steeping stealing a sniff out of this
wonderful oyster cocktail sausage in me
there boy oh boy doesn't bring back
memories so there we go guys I'm gonna
give this a try look at that
hmm
e
my boy work being is what a wicked
channel on YouTube II always that but
i'm giving you the one in that is that
is a wicked stuff here guys to black
sheep moistures you got to come check it
out these are so scary i'm across a
combination of Congo's first vatican
lemon and then this little sugar who has
a bit of the cilantro and garlic sauce
from Dawson okay I noticed earlier you
were doing the thing with the spicy
stuff over here yes where's matt is
horse right I guess that's one of those
like condiments if I came in here and I
wanted so even though these sauces were
on here I can add more absolutely other
scissors served with the selection of
sauces on the side I think some fresh
grated horseradish and lemon oh well
then so let's talk in there that's where
the bridge see right the bridge see
talking let's talk to us bitches a lot
of shows
a little bit briny mm-hmm a little bit
more mineral taste West Coast oysters
from a teper cabin meteor meteor meet
more debt to meet and a very distinctive
cucumber honeydew melon yeah this is the
one from Washington that I tried right
that one was it was meteor questions
delivered four times a week west coast
isn't alone in research is a check
tonight but 0 for 6 in the sky shine
your friends back yeah so we're in the
middle of Canada basically Ontario and
we getting fresh oysters or week Holly
guys too hey you gotta love it man so
I'm gonna tuck in to the one with the
horseradish no visual that guy here Greg
Greg hey left a little bit more thought
to us hey buddy listen everybody wants
to check out the food scene in Hamilton
check it out Hamilton vta thanks to my
friend Aaron a to black sheep
rapscallion in the Alex and special
thanks to suit to block for sucking us
some amazing oysters check it out be
good keep much luck my boy has island
blood in them you know he kihei he grew
up he grew up with a bajan name in this
bajan boy in trouble Chris Chris here
we're not food at faq today we're
cooking with Chris but we didn't cook
but we saw how to treat oyster it's hard
to put them together guys you gotta
check it out to box sheep have a good
one days